welcome back to wiring products today we
are going to wire up an inline ATC fuse
holder
this one has 16 gauge wire and it's
looped so you make the cut where you
need to make it and it comes with a cap
to keep the weather and dirt and dust
and everything else out of it we are
going to cut it almost Center it's going
to be somewhere roughly around Center
straighten these out
and we are going to use nylon butt
connectors for this and I already have
the red side connected okay and then do
the same to the other side
crimp that
and we were going to use a 15 amp fuse
and it just simply fits right in close
the lid and then I'm going to turn the
power on and voila
and that is how you wire up an ATC
inline fuse folder visit us at wiring
products calm